(DOCS-9438) Custom charts component for App Builder (#26421)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/service_management/app_builder/components/custom_charts.md

---
title: Custom Charts
disable_toc: false
aliases:
- /service_management/app_builder/custom_charts/
further_reading:

> - link: "/service_management/workflows/components/"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- link: "/service_management/app_builder/components/"
```

---
title: Custom Charts
disable_toc: false
aliases:
- /service_management/app_builder/custom_charts/
further_reading:
- link: "/service_management/workflows/components/"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Components"
- link: "/service_management/workflows/build/"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Build Apps"
---

{{< site-region region="gov" >}}
<div class="alert alert-warning">App Builder is not supported for your selected <a href="/getting_started/site">Datadog site</a> ({{< region-param key="dd_site_name" >}}).</div>
{{< /site-region >}}

This page provides an example of how to use the custom chart component in your App Builder apps.

The basic workflow for creating a custom chart is as follows:

1. Create or choose a query that contains the data you want to graph.
1. Add the custom chart component and choose a chart style from the App Builder UI or the [Vega-Lite example gallery][1].

> 1. Replace the values in the example with your data.

Reviewer 2: nit:
```suggestion
1. Replace the values in the example with your query data.
```

> The following example shows how to create a histogram chart illustrating Datadog Logs grouped by service.

Reviewer 2: Should we make this a header or bold? That way the 2 subheaders below are clearly part of an example

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Example Setup Flow

### A histogram chart illustrating Datadog Logs grouped by service.
```

If we did something like this, the headers below might be better as `###` instead of `##`

Author: Applied the spirit of this suggestion :)

> ## Create or choose a query

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Setup Your Data Source
```

Reason for this change is that users could use the file input component data to do custom visualizations, so data source covers this as well
